cyberskyline-CTF
My experience during the cyberskyline CTF.

Hello everyone and anyone who is reading this! My name is Brandon Humphreys and I recently completed my first CTF which was the Spring 2026 Cyberskyline CTF. I served in the United States Navy as a Nuclear Mechanic before beginning my adventure into the cyber world. Growing up I was always fond of technology whether it was a laptop, my orginal xbox/ps2 or even a red game boy advance, my interest in technology and how they work never faded. When I graduated high school in 2015, I spent a year or so bouncing around different majors in college trying to chase degree's that did not really feel like they spoke to me so I decided to take some time off and that's when I signed my name on a lot of papers and join the armed forces. While on many underways and deployments I would bring my laptop with me and a python for dummies book and practiced everything I was reading on my laptop whenever I had the time. This is where my interest in cybersecurity actually started to prosper. Along with my brother also being in the cyber world, I felt like this was something I would love to do for the rest of my life.

This CTF experience was an amazing experience and opened my eyes to a lot of the areas I need improvment on. I have done hackthebox and overthewire, but this was on a completely different level. With hackthebox or overthewire, it is all pretty straightforward and you kind of know the jist or general direction you should be going to find what you're looking for. This CTF had me staring at my screen thinking and trying a million and one different possibilities, most of the time coming up short or finding something that looked promising which just turned out to be a false lead. Some questions were simple and I got it right away, some questions were simple and I overlooked it, and some questions were complicated and had me scratching my head for a few hours before I finally got it or moved on to the next challenge to clear my head a little and eventually come back with a fresh mind. I would highly recommend participating in the cyberskyline CTF games to see where you stand in your knowledge and learn from every mistake, completion, failure, etc.

HIGHLIGHTS: In the individual games, I placed 396th place out of 7010 competitors and finished within the top 5%. 
Contributed to a team placement of 203rd out of 3634 teams. 
I received a 100% accuracy on reverse-engineering a C++ executable, despite having minmal prior hands-on experience with C++. 
I gained practical experience in areas including web exploitation, cryptography, and OSINT.
Strengthened my problem-solving, persistence, and analytical thinking through multistage cyber challenges and real world scenarios.
